website/integrations: Atlassian Cloud: cleanup (#23070)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/platforms/atlassian/index.mdx

## What is Atlassian Cloud?

> Atlassian is a proprietary software company that specializes in collaboration tools designed primarily for software development and project management. Atlassian Cloud is their cloud platform and provides access to their popular apps, including Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Trello, and others.
>
> -- https://www.atlassian.com/

This guide configures authentik as a SAML identity provider for Atlassian Cloud applications.

:::info Atlassian Cloud user types
Atlassian Cloud has two types of users: **internal** users and **external** users.

Internal users are managed accounts from a domain that is [verified in Atlassian Cloud](https://support.atlassian.com/user-management/docs/verify-a-domain-to-manage-accounts/). Internal users can use SAML SSO without Atlassian Cloud credentials.

> [External users](https://support.atlassian.com/security-and-access-policies/docs/who-are-external-users/) log in with Atlassian Cloud credentials first, and are then prompted for authentik credentials when they access protected Atlassian Cloud app data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[External users](https://support.atlassian.com/security-and-access-policies/docs/who-are-external-users/) log in with Atlassian Cloud credentials first, and are then prompted for authentik credentials when they access protected Atlassian Cloud apps.
```
